Working in phase 1 has been fun. Especially, less instruction for dronerecursion.py means that I can be more creative, which I liked most in this project. The most fun/challenge I had in this phase was in figuring out how to print 'No Path Found' if there is no solution. That is because, initially I used recursion in the find_battlefield_paths method. So, I was getting the issue of printing 'No Path Found' whenever the recursive function was not hitting the base case. So, I had to think of creating a condition that would allow using the function and, when the condition was not met, it would pop out the message of no path. This led me to create the attribute, num_path, (which helped create the condition) and the function, solve_paths, (where I used recursion). Consequently, I used these two ideas in find_battlefield_paths. I also liked working on the extra part I added: figuring out the shortest path. This led to me to create the attribute, all_paths, a list that saves all possible paths (Battlefields) and another attribute, all_move_num, a list that saves total movements for all paths. 

Testing was an essential part of coding in this phase, like always. Initially, battlefield.py was working fine for random battlefields. But when it comes to any of these files, it was printing out gibberish battlefields. I had to test at least 10 times (which i did in console and did not save as a result) to find out that my code was printing an inverted battlefield (row as column and column as row). Another time, I had to deal with a silly mistake, was when I was using a wrong function (find_battlefield_paths instead of solve_paths inside solve_paths) in recursion. As a result, the code was printing out the same battlefield multiple times. Another time I was having problems in testing in show_shortest_path was that it was showing a wrong path. Using min function helped me solve this issue. Also, I added the equivalence function in Battlefield.py to check if all my solved paths (battlefields) are unique.

I created battlefield4.dat in a way that if the exit row is more than one row below or above the starting row, there will be no path found. I first created a 6*12 matrix and copied and pasted to make 12*12. Although, I had to change row 7 to get the aspired battlefield. I do not think showing one output gives any justice to show why it is interesting. 